"If you value your time and money , find an escape clause and avoid seeing this trite , predictable rehash ."
Will certainly appeal to Asian cult cinema fans and Asiaphiles interested to see what all the fuss is about .
This formulaic chiller will do little to boost Stallone 's career .
A beguiling evocation of the quality that keeps Dickens evergreen : the exuberant openness with which he expresses our most basic emotions .
"Feels less like it 's about teenagers , than it was written by teenagers ."
Time Changer may not be the most memorable cinema session but its profound self-evaluation message about our fragile existence and the absence of spiritual guidance should at least invade an abundance of mindsets
"A searing , epic treatment of a nationwide blight that seems to be , horrifyingly , ever on the rise ."
Adam Sandler 's Eight Crazy Nights grows on you -- like a rash .
New ways of describing badness need to be invented to describe exactly how bad it is .
"As it stands , Crocodile Hunter has the hurried , badly cobbled look of the 1959 Godzilla , which combined scenes of a Japanese monster flick with canned shots of Raymond Burr commenting on the monster 's path of destruction ."
"Quite frankly , I ca n't see why any actor of talent would ever work in a McCulloch production again if they looked at how this movie turned out ."
A gripping documentary that reveals how deep the antagonism lies in war-torn Jerusalem .
It 's the kind of pigeonhole-resisting romp that Hollywood too rarely provides .
"Although melodramatic and predictable , this romantic comedy explores the friendship between five Filipino-Americans and their frantic efforts to find love ."
Delight your senses and crash this wedding !
"Together , Miller , Kuras and the actresses make Personal Velocity into an intricate , intimate and intelligent journey ."
"Hope keeps arising that the movie will live up to the apparent skills of its makers and the talents of its actors , but it does n't ."
Wow .
"Skillful as he is , Mr. Shyamalan is undone by his pretensions ."
A suffocating rape-payback horror show that hinges on the subgenre 's most enabling victim ... and an ebullient affection for industrial-model meat freezers .
See it for his performance if nothing else .
"It could change America , not only because it is full of necessary discussion points , but because it is so accessible that it makes complex politics understandable to viewers looking for nothing but energetic entertainment ."
The Christ allegory does n't work because there is no foundation for it
"This new movie version of the Alexandre Dumas classic is the stuff of high romance , brought off with considerable wit ."
a wonderfully warm human drama that remains vividly in memory long after viewing
This ludicrous film is predictable at every turn .
Beresford nicely mixes in as much humor as pathos to take us on his sentimental journey of the heart .
"ou 've got to love a Disney pic with as little cleavage as this one has , and a heroine as feisty and principled as Jane ."
"Returning aggressively to his formula of dimwitted comedy and even dimmer characters , Sandler , who also executive produces , has made a film that makes previous vehicles look smart and sassy ."
"`` Secretary '' is owned by its costars , Spader and Gyllenhaal ."
"You could say that it 's slow at times , you could say that a few of the characters act in ways that real people would n't , but one thing you could n't say is that Alias Betty is predictable ."
"An enjoyable , if occasionally flawed , experiment ."
A well-crafted film that is all the more remarkable because it achieves its emotional power and moments of revelation with restraint and a delicate ambiguity .
a by-the-numbers patient\/doctor pic that covers all the usual ground
"No , I hate it ."
"A lighthearted , feel-good film that embraces the time-honored truth that the most powerful thing in life is love ."
"In the disturbingly involving family dysfunctional drama How I Killed My Father , French director Anne Fontaine delivers an inspired portrait of male-ridden angst and the emotional blockage that accompanies this human condition"
I ca n't say this enough : This movie is about an adult male dressed in pink jammies .
Nights feels more like a quickie TV special than a feature film ... It 's not even a TV special you 'd bother watching past the second commercial break .
Who knew ...
"In the real world , an actor this uncharismatically beautiful would have a résumé loaded with credits like `` Girl in Bar # 3 . ''"
"This quiet , introspective and entertaining independent is worth seeking ."
"Though it never rises to its full potential as a film , still offers a great deal of insight into the female condition and the timeless danger of emotions repressed ."
Neatly constructed thriller .
But what about the countless other people who 'd merely like to watch a solid tale about a universally interesting soul ?
"More intimate than spectacular , E.T. is carried less by wow factors than by its funny , moving yarn that holds up well after two decades ."
Do n't let your festive spirit go this far .
"The makers have forsaken the entertaining elements of the original and , instead , rehash old jokes and leave any life at the doorstep ."
Effectively feeds our senses with the chilling sights and sounds from within the camp to create a completely numbing experience .
Adam Sandler is to Gary Cooper what a gnat is to a racehorse .
"... the first 2\/3 of the film are incredibly captivating and insanely funny , thanks in part to interesting cinematic devices -LRB- cool visual backmasking -RRB- , a solid cast , and some wickedly sick and twisted humor ..."
Villeneuve spends too much time wallowing in Bibi 's generic angst -LRB- there are a lot of shots of her gazing out windows -RRB- .
A uniquely sensual metaphorical dramatization of sexual obsession that spends a bit too much time on its fairly ludicrous plot .
"Visually fascinating ... an often intense character study about fathers and sons , loyalty and duty ."
"Instead of hiding Pinocchio from critics , Miramax should have hidden it from everyone ."
"In this film , Aussie David Caesar channels the not-quite-dead career of Guy Ritchie ."
"As violent , profane and exploitative as the most offensive action flick you 've ever seen ."
"While I ca n't say it 's on par with the first one , Stuart Little 2 is a light , fun cheese puff of a movie ."
"For VeggieTales fans , this is more appetizing than a side dish of asparagus ."
It 's that rare family movie -- genuine and sweet without relying on animation or dumb humor .
"Charming , if overly complicated ..."
"You 'll be left with the sensation of having just witnessed a great performance and , perhaps , give in to the urge to get on your feet and shake it ."
"The film 's gamble to occasionally break up the live-action scenes with animated sequences pays off , as does its sensitive handling of some delicate subject matter ."
Its adult themes of familial separation and societal betrayal are head and shoulders above much of the director 's previous popcorn work .
"The good is very , very good ... The rest runs from mildly unimpressive to despairingly awful ."
Enigma lacks it .
"Content merely to lionize its title character and exploit his anger - all for easy sanctimony , formulaic thrills and a ham-fisted sermon on the need for national health insurance ."
cynical and serious look at teenage boys doing what they do best - being teenagers .
Screenwriter Dan Schneider and director Shawn Levy substitute volume and primary colors for humor and bite .
"A recent favourite at Sundance , this white-trash satire will inspire the affection of even those unlucky people who never owned a cassette of Def Leppard 's Pyromania ."
Norton holds the film together .
"You do n't need to know your Ice-T 's from your Cool-J 's to realize that as far as these shootings are concerned , something is rotten in the state of California ."
"and your reward will be a thoughtful , emotional movie experience ."
"A droll , bitchy frolic which pokes fun at the price of popularity and small-town pretension in the Lone Star State ."
Only two words will tell you what you know when deciding to see it : Anthony .
People cinema at its finest .
"If the idea of the white man arriving on foreign shores to show wary natives the true light is abhorrent to you , the simplistic Heaven will quite likely be more like hell ."
"-LRB- A -RRB- Hollywood sheen bedevils the film from the very beginning ... -LRB- but -RRB- Lohman 's moist , deeply emotional eyes shine through this bogus veneer ..."
"So earnest and well-meaning , and so stocked with talent , that you almost forget the sheer , ponderous awfulness of its script ."
"For all the complications , it 's all surprisingly predictable ."
"A long , dull procession of despair , set to cello music culled from a minimalist funeral ."
A well-made but emotionally scattered film whose hero gives his heart only to the dog .
"Ana 's journey is not a stereotypical one of self-discovery , as she 's already comfortable enough in her own skin to be proud of her Rubenesque physique ..."
Bottom-rung New Jack City wannabe .
It 's a buggy drag .
As vulgar as it is banal .
An excellent sequel .
Imagine a really bad community theater production of West Side Story without the songs .
One lousy movie .
"The Saigon of 1952 is an uneasy mix of sensual delights and simmering violence , and The Quiet American brings us right into the center of that world ."
"Though there are many tense scenes in Trapped , they prove more distressing than suspenseful ."
"An emotionally and spiritually compelling journey seen through the right eyes , with the right actors and with the kind of visual flair that shows what great cinema can really do ."
"But it will just as likely make you weep , and it will do so in a way that does n't make you feel like a sucker ."
The large-format film is well suited to capture these musicians in full regalia and the incredible IMAX sound system lets you feel the beat down to your toes .
and `` They 're coming ! ''
"A tone of rueful compassion ... reverberates throughout this film , whose meaning and impact is sadly heightened by current world events ."
... although this idea is `` new '' the results are tired .
"Parker holds true to Wilde 's own vision of a pure comedy with absolutely no meaning , and no desire to be anything but a polished , sophisticated entertainment that is in love with its own cleverness ."
Savvy director Robert J. Siegel and his co-writers keep the story subtle and us in suspense .
"A preposterous , prurient whodunit ."
"My oh my , is this an invigorating , electric movie ."
"Here , alas , it collapses like an overcooked soufflé ."
"Many of the effective horror elements are dampened through familiarity , -LRB- yet -RRB- are worthwhile ."
"A brain twister , less a movie-movie than a funny and weird meditation on Hollywood , success , artistic integrity and intellectual bankruptcy ."
I have n't seen such self-amused trash since Freddy Got Fingered .
It 's so good that you can practically see the Hollywood ` suits ' trying to put together the cast and filmmaking team for the all-too - inevitable American remake .
Sitting through the last reel -LRB- spoiler alert ! -RRB-
"I liked About Schmidt a lot , but I have a feeling that I would have liked it much more if Harry & Tonto never existed ."
"Ultimately , the message of Trouble Every Day seems to be that all sexual desire disrupts life 's stasis ."
He 's worked too hard on this movie .
"Behan 's memoir is great material for a film -- rowdy , brawny and lyrical in the best Irish sense -- but Sheridan has settled for a lugubrious romance ."
The film will play equally well on both the standard and giant screens .
The date movie that Franz Kafka would have made .
"What begins as a seemingly brainless , bubbly romantic comedy becomes a cliche-drenched melodrama by mid-film and , by film 's end , a feminist action fantasy ."
"The last scenes of the film are anguished , bitter and truthful ."
"A difficult , absorbing film that manages to convey more substance despite its repetitions and inconsistencies than do most films than are far more pointed and clear ."
"Given that both movies expect us to root for convicted violent felons over those assigned to protect us from same , we need every bit of sympathy the cons can muster ; this time , there is n't much ."
"Claire is a terrific role for someone like Judd , who really ought to be playing villains ."
"While this gentle and affecting melodrama will have luvvies in raptures , it 's far too slight and introspective to appeal to anything wider than a niche audience ."
"It plods along methodically , somehow under the assumption that its `` dead wife communicating from beyond the grave '' framework is even remotely new or interesting ."
"The film has just enough of everything -- re-enactments , archival footage , talking-head interviews -- and the music is simply sublime ."
"A movie that 's just plain awful but still manages to entertain on a guilty-pleasure , so-bad-it 's - funny level ."
Was I scared ?
The reason this picture works better than its predecessors is that Myers is no longer simply spoofing the mini-mod-madness of '60s spy movies .
"Like a fish that 's lived too long , Austin Powers in Goldmember has some unnecessary parts and is kinda wrong in places ."
I 'm going to give it a marginal thumbs up .
"Though this rude and crude film does deliver a few gut-busting laughs , its digs at modern society are all things we 've seen before ."
"Richard Pryor mined his personal horrors and came up with a treasure chest of material , but Lawrence gives us mostly fool 's gold ."
"Broomfield is energized by Volletta Wallace 's maternal fury , her fearlessness , and because of that , his film crackles ."
"This is a winning ensemble comedy that shows Canadians can put gentle laughs and equally gentle sentiments on the button , just as easily as their counterparts anywhere else in the world ."
A disappointment for a movie that should have been the ultimate IMAX trip .
"A journey that 's too random and inconclusive to be compelling , but which Hoffman 's brilliance almost makes worth taking ."
A wild ride juiced with enough energy and excitement for at least three films .
Falters when it takes itself too seriously and when it depends too heavily on its otherwise talented cast to clown in situations that are n't funny .
"... a spoof comedy that carries its share of laughs -- sometimes a chuckle , sometimes a guffaw and , to my great pleasure , the occasional belly laugh ."
"A grittily beautiful film that looks , sounds , and feels more like an extended , open-ended poem than a traditionally structured story ."
None of the characters or plot-lines are fleshed-out enough to build any interest .
"A quiet , disquieting triumph ."
The lack of opposing viewpoints soon grows tiresome -- the film feels more like a series of toasts at a testimonial dinner than a documentary .
"It could have been something special , but two things drag it down to mediocrity -- director Clare Peploe 's misunderstanding of Marivaux 's rhythms , and Mira Sorvino 's limitations as a classical actress ."
Delirious fun .
"In a normal screen process , these bromides would be barely enough to sustain an interstitial program on the Discovery Channel ."
"Adrift , Bentley and Hudson stare and sniffle , respectively , as Ledger attempts , in vain , to prove that movie-star intensity can overcome bad hair design ."
"This film is so different from The Apple and so striking that it can only encourage us to see Samira Makhmalbaf as a very distinctive sensibility , working to develop her own film language with conspicuous success ."
"A woozy , roisterous , exhausting mess , and the off-beat casting of its two leads turns out to be as ill-starred as you might expect ."
"... the story is far-flung , illogical , and plain stupid ."
Woody Allen used to ridicule movies like Hollywood Ending .
"While this film has an ` A ' list cast and some strong supporting players , the tale -- like its central figure , Vivi -- is just a little bit hard to love ."
I thought my own watch had stopped keeping time as I slogged my way through Clockstoppers .
Statham employs an accent that I think is supposed to be an attempt at hardass American but sometimes just lapses into unhidden British .
